Add Language Server Protocol reference (#814)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/contributor-guide/ref_language-server-protocol.adoc

---
title: Language Server Protocol reference
keywords: 
tags: []
sidebar: che_7_docs
permalink: che-7/language-server-protocol-reference/
folder: che-7/contributor-guide
summary: 
---

[id="language-server-protocol_{context}"]
= Language Server Protocol

> The Language Server Protocol (LSP) defines the protocol used between an editor or IDE and a language server that provides language features like auto complete, go to definition, find all references etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Language Server Protocol (LSP) defines the protocol used between an editor or IDE and a language server that provides language features, including auto complete, go to definition, and find all references. 
```
* Don't use 'like', see *IBM Style Guide* pg. 342.
* Don't use 'etc.', see *IBM Style Guide* pg. 327.
(Or see https://hackmd.io/gmcTtq_gQYe1dyaC0KJ9Ag)

> For more details refer to the link:https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/[

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see the link:https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/[Language Server Protocol website].
```
* Don't use 'refer to', see *IBM Style Guide* pg. 357.
(Or see https://hackmd.io/gmcTtq_gQYe1dyaC0KJ9Ag)

> Language Server Protocol website].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
